You can't talk to me. You're a bad boy.
Come on, get up.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
You're going to stay here for a while?
What? You're a thief?
You're a fool.
You're not going to talk to me?
You're going to stay here for a while?
You forgot that.
Hey, you're going to stay here for a while?
You're a thief.
Why are you talking to me?
You're a fool.
Come on, get over here.
Don't move.
Hey, hey, hey!
What are you doing?
Listen to me.
There's a
house in front of the house.
What?
What are you doing?
There's a house in front of the house.
You're going to stay there for a while?
Hey, hey, hey!
What?
You're a fool.
When it was put under pressure from him...
Didn't it say take it off?
Push it away.
Hey, hey, hey!
Nobody recognized me...
How about you go away from there?
Let it go.
Paluer!
You're too loud.
What were you being noisy about?
Come here.
What were you talking about?
You totally screw up.
Unless you hit him against the body, didn't you see he was in the mafia?
But why?
I told him to get for今 aspect.
He happened to hit him in the head.
But I hit him and the fool sugar pierced his neck
And I still kept the detail.
Yesterday we were using a tuna machine and...
A grab it and handed me Stationery M plural
I told you not to make a sound.
You've been talking too much.
Where are you going?
Come here.
I'm going to help you.
What's going on?
Can you hear me?
I'm going to help you.
Where?
Really?
I'm going to help you.
Stop talking nonsense.
I don't know.
Tell them to stop the sound.
Don't drop it.
Hey, hey, hey, don't do that.
If you do it like a woman, you'll get a bad sound.
You'll get a bad sound.
Hey, don't do that.
You should do it like that.
Why? You're not going to get a good sound.
Come on, come on, come on.
What are you going to do with this?
You're going to get a bad sound.